DataLoader 0.6 (beta)
Author: Peter Sylvester

DESCRIPTION
	DataLoader is a schema interpreting random data loader for MySQL.
	It can be used to connect to a single schema in MySQL via socket
	or net connection.  It will determine what data can be generated
	taking unique constraints, primary keys, and referential integrity
	into consideration.
	
	There are several properties that can be configured at the column,
	table, schema, and server level.  However please note that if you
	adjust any properties at the command line via arguments, that
	setting will take effect for all columns/tables unless otherwise
	specified for individual columns/tables using the menu.
	
REQUIREMENTS
	Python 2.6
	python-argparse	- https://docs.python.org/3.4/library/argparse.html
	MySQL-python	- https://pypi.python.org/pypi/MySQL-python/1.2.5
	
LIMITATIONS
	Does not support spatial data columns.
	
	Does not support circular schema structures (IE: TableA references
	TableB, which references TableC, which references TableA, etc).
	
	Is known to be thrown off by schema designs not intended by MySQL
	itself, such as innodb tables having an FK reference to a MYISAM
	table or an auto increment default on a non primary key column.
	
OPTIONS
	--cardinality
		Property: Column
		The number of unique values to be generated per column.
	
	--database, -d
		Property: Server
		The MySQL schema that you would like to load data into.
		
	-h (help)
		Displays the help page.
		
	--host
		The MySQL server address that you would like to connect to.
	
	--menu
		Toggles the menu, which allows you to apply settings to
		individual tables and columns.
		
	--no_analyze_table
		Property: Schema
		By default all tables are analysed after data insertion to
		refresh index cardinality and assure accurate optimization
		engine activity.  Use this if you would prefer not to have 
		the	tables analysed.
		
	--no_bin_log
		Property: Server
		Use this to disable binary logging of the random data creation.
		Will not interfere with any other transactions being written
		to the binary log.
		
	--null_percentage_chance
		Default: 5
		Property: Column
		The percentage likelihood of a null being generated if the
		column is nullable.
		
	--password, -p
		The MySQL user password.
		
	--port, -P
		Default: 3306
		The port for the MySQL instance that you would like to connect to.
		
	--referential_sample_size
		Default: 5000
		Property: Column
		If the column is not unique and cardinality is not explicitly
		specified, this is the number of referential values that will be
		read from the database and stored in order to generate date for
		referential columns.
	
	--rows_per_insert
		Default: 50
		Property: Table
		The number of rows to be created per insert.
		
	--rows_to_create_per_table, -r
		Default: 10000
		Property: Table
		The number of rows to be created per table.
	
	--safety_off
		You will not be able to write data into a schema that already has
		data in it without using this option.
	
	--seconds_between_inserts
		Default: 0
		The number of seconds between each insert.
	
	--socket, -S
		The MySQL socket.

	--user, -u
		The MySQL user.